zc706: remove outdated instructions (#295)
seL4/docs: Hardware/ZC706.md

[http://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Xilinx_USB_JTAG_Programmers](http://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Xilinx_USB_JTAG_Programmers)

You will need

- xmd (shipped with vivado but can possibly be obtained as a package on its own)
- digilent USB drivers

1. create a xmd.ini script within the directory that you intend to run xmd from.

   ```bash
     # Connect to the board
     connect arm hw
     # program the fpga with the provided bitstream
     fpga -f system_wrapper.bit
     # The processor needs to be initialised (Clocks, MIO, etc), but these depend on the bitstream! ps7_init.tcl was generated with the bitstream. Load and execute this script to configure the processor.
     source ps7_init.tcl
     ps7_init
     ps7_post_config
     # Download your elf file (Could also be done from GDB)
     dow bootimg.elf
     # To run the elf file directly from XMD, uncomment the following lines
     # run
     # exit
   ```

2. Run XMD. XMD will not terminate; leave it open.
3. Next run GDB. Any arm-*-gdb should work.

> 4. Enter "tar ext localhost:1234" to connect to the GDB server that was started by XMD or the hw_server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter "target extended-remote localhost:1234" to connect to the GDB server that was started by XMD or the hw_server
```
